I don't agree with that.
Jiang Yi, this is a good thing, why don't you agree?
Do you have a say here?
How did you talk to my mother?
Xiaoya, your uncle is also thinking of you.
What for me?
He is Yufang at all
Why don't you go back first?
I'll discuss it with your uncle first
Xiaoya
I'll come back to you next time.
I don't understand.
Why are you blocking their business?
Isn't that a good thing?
They are still young
What to do in a hurry to get married
What does it matter if you meet the right person and get married early?
I don't understand.
Why are you treating Xiaoya?
So concerned about emotional things
Xiaoya is also my daughter
Anyway, I have the final say in this family
I said if you can't tie it, you can't tie it.
Enough is enough
I want to go out. I want to go in.
Hello, is that Miss Xiaoya?
I am you yes
What a coincidence to meet you
It's the following.
I am the planning director of Haotian Group
We have a catwalk event tomorrow.
Never found a good person
I've seen your catwalk before, it's great
So?
I would like to invite you to participate in our catwalk event.
What do you think?
Yes, I need to set makeup tonight.
Do you have a minute?
So late
Time is very tight, I can't help it.
So say
I'll take you there directly.
What do you think?
Ok, please.
Where is your company's dressing room?
Why is this getting more and more biased?